GeoMap: Add H3 grid layer support (#101524)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/visualizations/geomap/index.md

- [Tiled Web Map Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiled_web_map)
- [List of Open Street Map Tile Servers](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Tile_servers)

#### H3 grid layer

> Visualizes geospatial data using an H3 Spatial Index. Automatically renders the cells and can be styled according to the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The H3 grid layer visualizes geospatial data using an H3 Spatial Index. It automatically renders the cells and can be styled according to the data.
```

{{< figure src="/media/docs/grafana/screenshot-grafana-10-1-geomap-h3-layer.png" max-width="750px" alt="H3 grid layer" >}}

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
| Option | Description |
| ------ | ----------- |
| Data | Configure the data settings for the layer. For more information, refer to [Data](#data). |

> | H3 index field | The field name containing the H3 index. The index must be in hexadecimal notation, without the 0x prefix, for example: `81953ffffffffff` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| H3 index field | The field name containing the H3 index. The index must be in hexadecimal notation, without the 0x prefix. For example: `81953ffffffffff` |
```

| Color | Configures the color of the cells. The default `Fixed color` sets all cells to a specific color. There is also an option to have conditional colors depending on the selected field data point values and the color scheme set in the `Standard options` section. |
| Fill opacity | Configures the transparency of each cell. |
| Text label | Configures a text label for each cell.  The default `Fixed` sets all cells with the same label. There is also an option to have labels depending on the selected field data point values.|

> | Update variables on move | Updates dashboard variables `$h3cellsInView` and `$h3Resolution` when the map is moved (after panning or zooming for example). See below for more information. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Update variables on move](#update-variables-on-move) | Updates dashboard variables `$h3cellsInView` and `$h3Resolution` when the map is moved (after panning or zooming, for example). |
```

| Show legend | Allows you to toggle the legend for the layer. |
| Display tooltip | Allows you to toggle tooltips for the layer. |

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

> ##### More information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Update variables on move
```

> If _Update variables on move_ is activated, The variables will dynamically change with the map extent and/or zoom level changes. This variables should be configured in the dashboard as Custom variables and multi-value. They can be hidden too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If **Update variables on move** is activated, the variables dynamically change with the map extent or zoom level changes. These variables should be configured in the dashboard as custom variables and multi-value. They can also be hidden.
```

> These variables are useful if H3 gridded data is generated dynamically from a DB or an API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These variables are useful if H3 gridded data is generated dynamically from a database or an API.
```

> `$h3Resolution` will provide a hint of the proper resolution to use to generate the data based on the current zoom level of the map to avoid having cells that are too big or too small (and too many) at any point in time. The current mapping is used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `$h3Resolution` variable will provide an indication of the proper resolution to use to generate the data based on the current zoom level of the map to avoid having too many cells or cells that are too big or too small at any point in time. The current mapping is used:
```

> | Web map zoom level | H3 Resolution |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Web map zoom level | H3 resolution |
```

| ------------------ | ------------- |
| 0                  | 0             |
| 1                  | 1             |
| 2.5                | 2             |
| 3.5                | 3             |
| 4.5                | 4             |
| 5.5                | 5             |
| 7                  | 6             |

> `$h3CellsInView` will provide a list of Resolution 1 cells that are visible in the current map extent. This list can be usefull to narrow searches on APIs and DBs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `$h3CellsInView` variable provides a list of resolution 1 cells that are visible in the current map extent. This list can be useful to narrow searches on APIs and databases.
```
